when you are here we are in minecraft
1.8 let's see a mod a mod that is
pretty cool and it's that it adds a
foundry to be able to recycle objects the
truth is that we have a lot of the foundry
foundry here foundry but you know
what is then I do not know if it will be with God
a neighbor the end I do not know but the
question is that this is super useful and that
have this for the 1.8 uncle because this
I had the series of motorcycles but without
think better without thinking it is here
casting or something like this these dresses
yacht with the same as an oven but with
normal stone weave simplicar or stone
good I call him the other bad leg
vibrates poop
the point is that we can put coal
and we can recycle if we have a lot
of iron swords for example that
this is very cool for the demos series
with the packs over because the bugs
they always end up dropping a lot of
crap then you put her here
You see iron
the bad thing is clear the only bad thing is that
you can be the swords for example
where that can be a little bit more
patatero but let's burn this
and this and we can also burn other
little gold things for example gold swords and
This moves me a lot because you see that here
there is iron because we are putting now
a golden sword is an example
let's see here to be filled
the beauty material residual ingots
Gold 2 can be up to 16 material
residual then we remove the iron
it's super good many many things
for example diamond
perfect or to recycle scheme
this super good and an apple does not
may not
I'm not sure if it can be wrong
we say it with this fact I did not know
Whether it works or not by being an apple
if you can if it gives us in the eight gold
it's super good, we'll get one
Torch
to charcoal
we can lie little things with coal in
Seriously, well, I'm going to do a test
with atocha
because I have stayed in this residual
then maybe we can burn
directly from here but out of
here could be very cool I'll try
removing the coal
the only bad thing is that you can burn the
rest of the game
075 there that low we're not going to burn a
lots to have a lot here because no
we are simply going to inning coal not
it's wrong that you have to get to one
of residual material to give us one of
carbon
it's not bad the time I thought that what
it would be better also fuel continues
obviously serves because now with the
next is going to be one more coal and
here we can put it here
but now the only thing that comes out very
often but good is pretty cool
because we can look like we can
recycle pretty little things
is very cool is 4 future BRICS do not know
what are we going to get from here a jukebox
that can give us the grip
and they give us a clear diamond that does
change is light
this is the way in which monkey hand the
took the time in the review that kauai
you want to take care here, do not go
that he's worth if he gives us 5 iron and 0.33
until we get one we can do
things but it stays saved does not cool a
bunch in this way but good the
description 1.8 a shame because 1.8 that
You liked it
bye